OKAY, HERE'S THE NUMBER
FOR POISON CONTROL.
ASK FOR CAROL.
HONEY,
WE'RE GONNA BE FINE.
ENJOY YOUR REUNION.
IT'D BE A LOT MORE FUN
IF YOU WERE THERE.
I REALLY AM SORRY
ABOUT THAT.
I JUST CAN'T MISS THE CHANCE
TO BOWL ON JAY'S TEAM.
MNH.
THAT'S WHY I ORDERED
THESE GLIDE RIGHTS.
IF YOU BREAK
'EM IN PROPERLY,
THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO GIVE YOU
A COMPLETELY FRICTIONLESS--
(thud)
(groans)
IF I'M BEING HONEST,
THE REUNION MIGHT BE
A LITTLE MORE FUN
IF PHIL ISN'T THERE.
OTHERWISE, I SPEND
THE WHOLE WEEKEND TELLING HIM
WHO'S WHO AND EXPLAINING
INSIDE JOKES.
AND IF ALL THAT
EXPLAINING IS GOING OUT,
THE ALCOHOL
IS NOT GOING IN.
HEY, MOM.
BEFORE YOU GO, YOU HAVE
TO SIGN THIS FOR SCHOOL.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO READ IT.
IT'S ALL BOILERPLATE.
HONEY,
I AM RUNNING REALLY LATE.
(whispers)
ASK YOUR DAD.
RIGHT HERE, BUDDY.
S--UHH!
(thud)
I HAVE TO GET
THE LETTER SIGNED
BECAUSE I FAILED MY ASSIGNMENT
ON THE REVOLUTIONARY WAR.
I RECREATED
THE BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL
USING ONE OF MY OLD
SCIENCE PROJECTS.
SEEMED PRETTY
REVOLUTIONARY TO ME.
THE BRAVE PATRIOTS MADE
THEIR WAY UP THE HILLSIDE,
PREPARED
FOR WHATEVER
THE DEVIOUS RED COATS
MIGHT INFLICT NEXT.
(scoffs)
NOW YOU WORK?!
SO, DAD--
ONE SECOND, BUDDY.
THE SALESMAN SAID WHEN YOU'RE
BREAKING THESE SHOES IN,
IT'S EASIER TO MOVE
SIDE TO SIDE.
SON OF A GUN.
HE WAS RIGHT.
WHAT DO WE GOT HERE?
UHH! (thud)
(birds chirping)
(grunts)
I'VE WAITED A YEAR
FOR THIS DAY--
THE ANNUAL TRADE ASSOCIATION
SCRATCH BOWLING TOURNAMENT.
LAST YEAR, WE LOST
TO OUR BIGGEST RIVAL.
FRAZIER HAD ALI.
PRITCHETT'S CLOSETS
HAS CLOSETS,
CLOSETS,
CLOSETS, CLOSETS.
IT'S A STUPID NAME,
BUT THOSE CATS CAN BOWL.
AY, I KNEW THE PANCAKES
WOULD BRING YOU DOWN.
JUST COFFEE
FOR ME TODAY.
BLACK, LIKE I FEEL
ON THE INSIDE.
AY, MANNY.
PLEASE, IT WAS ONLY
ONE BAD AUDITION.
NO,
THREE BAD AUDITIONS--
FALL ASSEMBLY, "PHANTOM,"
AND NOW THE SPRING SING.
I'M A DISASTER.
YOU'RE ALWAYS SO DRAMATIC.
DRAMATIC, MOTHER?
I AM SURE THAT CAM IS
GONNA CALL YOU TODAY
AND GIVE YOU THE SOLO.
YOU'RE ALWAYS
SO HARD ON YOURSELF.
REMEMBER
THAT YOU SAID
THAT YOU DIDN'T
HAVE A FACE FOR HATS?
AND?
(mutters) I LOOK GREAT
IN EVERY HAT.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
I LOOK GREAT
IN EVERY HAT.
WELL, ENJOY THAT
WHILE IT LASTS.
I HAD A PRETTY
GOOD HAT RUN,
BUT THEN I SAW A PHOTO
OF MYSELF FROM THE DUDE RANCH.
I LOOKED LIKE REBA
AT THE GRAMMYS.
(chuckles) I SEE THAT YOU
FOUND THE FUR.
YES.
UH, YOU WOULDN'T
HAPPEN
TO HAVE A FEATHER BOA,
WOULD YOU?
ARE YOU WEARING THAT
TO YOUR OSCAR PARTY?
NO, MANNY.
(scoffs)
WE'RE NOT CLICHES.
CAM'S DECORATING
THE PARTY
WITH PHOTOS OF LILY DRESSED
AS DIFFERENT STARLETS FROM THE--
W-WE--WE'RE CLICHES.
HEY, GLORIA,
LOOK WHAT I FOUND
IN MY BOWLING BAG.
SECOND PLACE PRIZE
IN LAST YEAR'S TOURNAMENT--
A SPA DAY.
OH!
OH,
BUT IT EXPIRES TODAY.
OH. SORRY.
I JUST WISH THAT
I COULD USE THIS.
BUT TODAY'S
THE NANNY'S DAY OFF,
AND I HAVE
A MILLION THINGS TO DO.
I HAVE
TO BUY DIAPERS,
I HAVE TO GO
PICK UP THE STROLLER,
TO THE DOCTOR.
I HATE WASTING THIS,
BUT...
(lid bangs) I JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY TIME TODAY.
YES, I WOULD HAVE
LOVED TO GO TO THE SPA,
BUT HAVING A BABY
HAS CHANGED COMPLETELY
THE WAY THAT JAY'S FAMILY
LOOK AT ME.
I AM NOT ANYMORE JUST GLORIA
THAT HAS HER HAIR DONE,
GLORIA THAT GOES
TO THE GYM.
NOW I AM GLORIA
THE NEW MOTHER--
THE "I DON'T KNOW
HOW SHE DOES IT" LADY.
IF THE FEATHER BOA
IS NOT HERE,
IT'S AT MY COUSIN'S.
I WILL GO GET IT
AFTER THE DOCTOR,
AFTER THE PHARMACY,
BEFORE THE BABY STORE, OKAY?
HONESTLY, GLORIA,
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DO IT.
AH, FOUND IT!
(chuckles)
HELP ME.
CAREFUL.
G--OOH!
OH, GLORIA!
AY! AAH!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
(strained voice)
AY, I TOLD YOU TO HELP ME!
I AM SO SORRY!
I TWISTED MY ANKLE.
OKAY.
SIT DOWN RIGHT HERE.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THIS.
NO, YOU--YOU CAN'T
WALK AROUND ON THAT ALL DAY.
NO, I'M GOOD.
I'M GOOD. (inhales sharply)
NO.
I WILL USE... (exhales)
(thump)
OH.
THE BABY CARRIER
AS A... AS A CANE.
OKAY?
O-OKAY.
(grunts)
(camera shutter clicking)
NOW HOLD THAT. HOLD THAT.
GOOD, GOOD, GOOD.
NOW SMOLDER.
SMOLDER.
PERFECT.
(door opens)
LET ME GUESS--
YOU COULDN'T REMEMBER
IF I SAID "BOA" OR "BABY,"
SO YOU BROUGHT BOTH.
(groans)
GLORIA HURT HERSELF,
AND IT WAS KINDA MY FAULT,
SO I OFFERED TO WATCH JOE.
OH.
CAN I TAKE A BREAK?
I WANNA BE ALONE.
OKAY, WHERE WAS
THAT ATTITUDE
WHEN WE WERE
DOING GRETA GARBO?
OKAY, FINE.
TAKE FIVE.
(singsongy)
HI, BABY JOE.
(Southern accent)
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SIT A SPELL?
WE'RE JUST
MAKIN' PICTURES.
WHY ARE YOU BEING
ALL MISSOURI?
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS I'M EXCITED TO GO BACK
TO THE FARM. IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
YOU SAID
"DAGBURN" AT BREAKFAST.
HAVE YOU BOOKED
OUR TICKETS YET?
I'M NOT SURE
I CAN GET OFF WORK.
YEAH, BUT YOU HAVE TO
GET THE TICKETS
BEFORE ALL THE GOOD SEATS
ARE TAKEN.
YOU MEAN THE ONES
THAT AREN'T ON A PLANE
TO MISSOURI?
OKAY, SWEETIE,
BREAK'S OVER.
IT HASN'T BEEN FIVE MINUTES.
YES, BUT IT HAS BEEN
FIVE ANIMAL CRACKERS.
WHICH IS FIVE TOO MANY
TO EAT ON A SHOOT DAY. SO...
NO MORE!
I QUIT!
OH, MY GOSH.
WHAT HAS GOTTEN INTO HER?
WE'VE BEEN DOING
THIS FOR SIX HOURS,
AND NOW ALL OF THE SUDDEN,
SHE DOESN'T LOVE IT?
YOU KNOW,
I HAVE A THEORY.
OKAY. (sighs)
WE'RE ONLY HALFWAY
THROUGH ALL THE PICTURES
THAT I WANTED TO DO.
LIGHTBULB.
HELLO, BABY JOE!
(laughs)
(Southern accent)
WELL, YOU MAY AS WELL BE
A DEAD HOBO
IN THE WOODS OF A SMALL TOWN
AFTER A RAINSTORM,
BECAUSE YOU HAVE
JUST BEEN DISCOVERED.
I'M LOOKING
LESS AND LESS FORWARD
TO THIS TRIP
TO MISSOURI.
HEY, HANDSOME.
UH, CAN YOU SIGN THIS?
YOU DON'T NEED TO READ IT.
(singsongy) NEVER DO!
(clicks pen)
RIGHT THERE.
(cell phone rings)
OH. QUICK--
NATURE'S SURE-FIRE
SUNBURN REMEDY?
(beep)
ALOE?
(laughs)
HEY, JAY.
SUPER-EXCITED
ABOUT OUR BIG MATCH.
I DREAMT
ABOUT IT LAST NIGHT.
GUESS WHAT?
WE WON!
Phil, I like you too much
to sugarcoat
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO SAY--
YOU'RE OFF THE TEAM.
GOOD ONE. LOOSEN ME UP
WITH SOME PRE-MATCH HUMOR.
I LIKE IT.
NAH, I FOUND SOMEBODY BETTER--
RUDY SORRENSON.
HE'S IN, YOU'RE OUT.
(laughs)
HILARIOUS!
STICKIN' WITH THE BIT.
I LOVE THAT THIS IS
OUR RELATIONSHIP NOW.
THIS MATCH IS TOO IMPORTANT,
AND YOU'RE A WILD CARD.
I'M SORRY.
JAY...
I'M NOT SURE
I LIKE WHERE THIS IS HEADED.
PHIL, THIS IS NOTHING PERSONAL.
IT'S BOWLING.
NO, NO, NO.
I GET IT.
(picture frame clatters)
LISTEN, UM...
I SHOULD GET GOIN'.
(voice breaks) MY ALLERGIES
ARE STARTING TO CRY.
(beep)
(cell phone rings)
HEY, GLORIA.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO LEAVE.
WHAT'S UP?
MANNY JUST TEXTED ME.
DID HE TELL YOU THE NEWS?
YES.
WONDERFUL.
WE'LL CELEBRATE LATER.
NO.
HE DIDN'T GET THE SOLO.
I THINK HE'S VERY UPSET.
Aah!
MY GLOVE.
WHERE ARE YOU?
AT THE DOCTOR.
HE'S CHECKING MY ANKLE.
JAY, I THINK YOU SHOULD
TRY TO CHEER HIM UP.
Why don't you take
him shopping?
GLORIA,
MY MATCH IS AT 5:00.
I HAVE A RITUAL.
I WALK THE LANES.
I PLAY TWO OR THREE
WARM-UP GAMES.
HE'S FINE.
I'LL LET YOU TALK TO HIM.
DARKNESS,
PLEASE.
AW, SHOOT.
HE'S OUT IN THE POOL.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
TO MAKE YOU GO AWAY? SING?
UH, I'LL HAVE
HIM CALL YOU BACK. (beep)
MY LIFE IS A MUSIC-LESS,
GRAY HELLSCAPE.
WOW. WELL, THIS DOESN'T
LOOK LIKE ANYTHING
SHOPPING CAN
HELP YOU WITH.
IT'S WORTH A SHOT.
SORRY I WAS SO INDECISIVE
BACK THERE.
I'M OUT OF IT TODAY.
WELL,
YOU GOT WHAT YOU WANT,
AND THAT'S WHAT
TODAY IS ALL ABOUT.
TURN THAT FROWN
UPSIDE-DOWN.
NOW YOU'RE GONNA TAKE
THIS 15 LOCAL TO GET HOME.
KEEP BOTH YOUR HANDS
TIGHT ON THAT BAG
BECAUSE IT GOES THROUGH
A FEW SKETCHY BLOCKS.
YOU'RE NOT DRIVING ME?
WELL, YOU KINDA
USED UP YOUR DRIVE TIME
DECIDING BETWEEN THOSE
IDENTICAL BELTS.
OKAY.
IT'S JUST HARD.
YOU KNOW, JAY?
I MEAN,
I'VE NEVER BEEN A QUITTER.
WELL, NEW CHAPTER FOR YOU.
YOU GOT ANY CHANGE?
I MEAN, I ALWAYS IMAGINED
I'D BE A PERFORMER FOR LIFE.
I GUESS SOME DREAMS
YOU JUST HAVE TO GIVE UP ON.
KNOW WHEN TO FOLD 'EM.
HERE'S A $50.
SOMEONE WILL HAVE CHANGE.
I CAN'T SING, PERIOD.
WHAT AM I THINKING?
THE 11 GOES RIGHT BY THE HOUSE,
AND THERE SHE IS.
NOW TEXT YOUR MOM
WHEN YOU GET HOME.
GOOD LUCK
WITH YOUR BOWLING!
(door hisses)
THANKS, KID!
(bus door squeaks)
(camera shutter clicking)
YES. YES!
WE'VE HAD MY DAD'S BABY
FOR 45 MINUTES,
AND HE'S ALREADY
IN A DRESS.
OKAY, LILY, I THINK WE'RE READY
FOR OUR MOST IMPORTANT SETUP--
MISS SHIRLEY TEMPLE.
HERE.
OH, WOW.
YOU'RE AN EVEN BETTER ASSISTANT
THAN YOU ARE A MODEL.
I DON'T CARE.
OKAY, WELL, THAT
CAME THROUGH IN HER MODELING.
(lowered voice)
OUR DAUGHTER.
OKAY, I KNOW,
BUT IT JUST HURTS, MITCHELL.
IT'S THE FIRST
ONE OF OUR THINGS
THAT SHE'S OUTGROWN.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
BUT ISN'T IT GREAT THAT WE'VE
RAISED HER TO HAVE OPINIONS
AND INTERESTS OF HER OWN?
BUT THIS EARLY?
SHE'S STILL SO DADGUM YOUNG.
OKAY, IS THAT
ANOTHER SOUTHERN THING,
OR ARE YOU JUST
TRYING TO REMEMBER
HER VIETNAMESE NAME?
OH, MY GOSH.
THIS THING IS STUCK.
WHAT?
HOW--HOW COULD IT BE?
IT IS STUCK.
OH!
I GLUED IT.
(gasps)
W-W-WHY--WHY WOULD YOU
DO THAT?
BECAUSE THE JANE CRAWFORD WIG
KEPT FALLING OFF HIM.
IT'S JOAN CRAWFORD.
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT'S
IMPORTANT HERE.
OKAY. IT'S--IT'S GLUED
TO HIS ACTUAL HAIR.
(sighs deeply)
OKAY, LILY,
THIS IS BAD.
THIS IS VERY, VERY BAD.
SORRY.
I WAS TRYING TO HELP.
OKAY. WELL, I SHOULD'VE
SEEN THIS COMING.
I REPLACED HER
WITH SOMEBODY YOUNGER,
AND SHE SABOTAGED JOE'S
SHOOT OUT OF SHEER JEALOUSY.
(voice breaks)
MAYBE SHE DOES HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES TO BE A MODEL.
CAN YOU...
(Frank Sinatra on stereo)
AND AS FUNNY
AS IT MAY SEEM
SOME PEOPLE
GET THEIR KICKS
SING!
WHAT?
I'VE HEARD YOU SING
IN THE SHOWER.
YOU SING IN THE CAR WITH ME.
YOU NEVER MISS A NOTE!
YOUR PROBLEM IS
DOING IT AROUND PEOPLE. SING!
YOU WANT ME TO SING NOW?
YEAH!
IT'S ALL IN YOUR HEAD!
WHEN YOU GET OVER
THAT LITTLE STAGE FRIGHT,
YOU'LL NEVER CHOKE
AN AUDITION AGAIN. SING!
(singing along, flatly)
I'VE BEEN A PUPPET,
A PAUPER
A PIRATE, A POET
THAT'S NOT SINGING!
ATTACK IT!
A PAWN AND A KING
I'VE BEEN UP AND DOWN
AND OVER AND OUT
AND I KNOW ONE THING
WHAT'S THAT THING?!
EACH TIME
I FIND MYSELF
FLAT ON MY FACE
YEAH!
NOW YOU GOT IT!
I PICK MYSELF UP
GET IN THAT BAG!
I KNOW YOU WANT TO!
AND GET BACK
IN THE RACE
YEAH!
THAT'S LIFE
SING IT TO ME, BABY!
THAT'S WHAT
ALL THE PEOPLE SAY
(gasps)
OH, MY GOD.
IS THAT JANIE GIBBS?
YIKES! HER SKIN LOOKS LIKE
CRUMPLED TINFOIL
YOU TRY TO SMOOTH OUT
AND USE AGAIN.
REMIND ME NOT TO GET OLD
IN FRONT OF YOU.
(speaks indistinctly,
laughs)
I DON'T EVEN SEE
THE KIDS' FACES ANYMORE.
I KNOW THEM BY THE DECALS
ON THEIR LAPTOPS.
(man laughs)
PROFESSOR COOKE.
MMM.
(exhales)
STILL THE SEXIEST MAN
ON CAMPUS.
WANNA KNOW
A LITTLE SOMETHIN'?
YOU DATED HIM.
(gasps)
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?
WE WERE SO CAREFUL
WITH THAT SECRET.
YOU WORE AN OVERSIZED
TWEED JACKET TO BREAKFAST
AND CALLED MY RABBIT
CONVERTIBLE "BOURGEOIS."
WELL--
IT KINDA WAS.
WE WERE SO JEALOUS OF YOU.
MM.
HE WAS SO HOT,
JOGGING AROUND CAMPUS
IN THOSE DOLPHIN SHORTS.
AND THAT WASN'T EVEN WHY
I WAS WITH HIM.
IT WAS HIS MIND.
DO YOU KNOW
THOSE PEOPLE
WHO MAKE YOU FEEL SMART
JUST BY BEING NEAR THEM?
(sighs deeply)
I WATCHED YOU GUYS ONCE.
(Cooke, British accent)
CLAIRE!
CLAIRE'S FRIEND!
HE REMEMBERS ME.
HELLO, PROFESSOR.
MWAH!
MWAH.
WOW.
(giggles)
IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE YOU.
CLEARLY, THE ACADEMIC LIFE
AGREES WITH YOU.
OH, I GUESS WE'RE ALL DOING
PRETTY WELL.
MM-HMM.
CHEERS.
HERE'S LOOKIN'
AT YOU, TOO.
OH. (under breath)
WERE YOU ALWAYS LIKE THIS?
CLAIRE?
OH, MY GOD.
NO WAY.
TATER!
OH, MY GOSH!
AAH!
OH!
MWAH! (laughs)
I HEARD YOU'RE
HUGELY SUCCESSFUL.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU KNOW,
WHEN ALL THE HOT GIRLS
CALL YOU "TATER,"
YOU TEND TO TRY
A LITTLE HARDER.
ADORABLE.
ADORABLE! (laughs)
(squeals, high-pitched voice)
YOU'RE ADORABLE!
(Phil) CLAIRE!
MWAH!
HONEY! HEY!
HI, PHIL!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UH... YOUR DAD DUMPED ME
FROM HIS BOWLING TEAM,
SO I THOUGHT
I'D SURPRISE YOU.
UM...
OKAY. WAIT.
COME HERE A SECOND.
I-I THOUGHT YOU'D BE
HAPPY TO SEE ME.
I AM!
(voice cracks) NO, I AM!
(normal voice)
I AM HAPPY.
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
(sighs)
(groans) IT'S JUST--
IT'S A LITTLE BIT EMBARRASSING.
THE GUY THAT I DATED
RIGHT BEFORE YOU IS HERE, SO...
OH. WELL, THAT'S NOTHING
TO BE EMBARRASSED ABOUT.
WE ALL HAVE EXES.
SO THE GUY YOU DUMPED
RIGHT BEFORE YOU MET ME IS HERE.
NO BIG DEAL.
(high-pitched voice)
WELL...
(clenched teeth)
MNH, HE MIGHT'VE DUMPED ME.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU'D NEVER BEEN DUMPED.
(whines)
WELL...
MAYBE ONE TIME.
SO...
HE DUMPED YOU,
YOU HEALED COMPLETELY,
AND THEN YOU MET ME.
(whines) WELL...
I'VE REGRETTED
THROWING AWAY THINGS
WAY MORE BEATEN UP
THAN CLAIRE.
SO IF THIS CAMPUS CASANOVA
HAD THOUGHTS OF RECLAIMING HER,
GUESS WHAT,
HOT SHOT?
LEGALLY,
I STILL OWN HER.
MAN, I ALWAYS WONDERED
WHO'D BE LUCKY ENOUGH TO MARRY
THE BEAUTIFUL
CLAIRE PRITCHETT.
(laughs)
NO LUCK INVOLVED,
HOMBRE.
SHE SAW, SHE LIKED,
SHE GOT PREGNANT, SHE HAD TO.
HEY!
STOP HOGGING THIS GUY.
I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM
IN 20 YEARS.
MM.
MY TATER.
LOOK,
I'VE GOTTA RUN,
BUT I'D LOVE TO HAVE YOU GUYS
BY MY APARTMENT
FOR A COCKTAIL
BEFORE DINNER.
OH!
WE ARE TOTALLY DOING THAT.
OH. WE MIGHT HAVE TO GO BACK
TO THE HOTEL--
NO, NO, NO. THAT'S
WHAT THIS WEEKEND'S FOR.
HAVING A LAUGH,
MEETIN' NEW PEOPLE. YEAH.
I DON'T WANT
TO MISS ANY OF IT.
OOH!
(chuckles)
AND I DON'T MISS MUCH.
(shower running)
(knocks)
(Cameron) CLOSE THE DOOR!
YOU'RE LETTING THE STEAM OUT!
IS THE WIG COMING LOOSE?
OH, YES, MITCHELL.
IT'S COMPLETELY OFF HIS HEAD.
WE'RE JUST STAYING IN HERE
BECAUSE THERE'S NOTHING
BABIES AND BIG GUYS LOVE
MORE THAN 100% HUMIDITY.
OH, MY GOD.
DO YOU REALIZE WHAT GLORIA'S
GONNA DO WHEN SHE SEES THIS?
SHE PUNCHED ME WHEN I GOT MANNY
THAT HENNA TATTOO.
AND NOT THE SIDE-OF-THE-HAND WAY
THAT I DO IT.
(shower stops)
THIS HAD RINGS
AND KNUCKLES.
DON'T WORRY.
I'M WORKING ON A PLAN "B."
OR SHOULD
I SAY...
PLAN BIEBER?
NO.
HUH? NO, I JUST GAVE HIM
A LITTLE BIT OF A HAIRCUT.
GIVE ME THE BABY.
I KNOW.
I MEAN, THAT'S THE GREAT PART
OF MY SCHEDULE.
WE MAKE IT TO EUROPE
ALMOST EVERY SUMMER.
MM-HMM.
BUT I'M SURE YOU GUYS TRAVEL.
WELL, HONESTLY,
I DON'T THINK
I'VE BEEN ANYWHERE WITHOUT
A WATER SLIDE IN 15 YEARS.
(both laugh)
THAT'S FUNNY.
SHE'S MENTIONED
ESTHER, DOUGIE,
TRIPP,
AFRO JUDY...
THE NAME "TATER" HAS LITERALLY
NEVER EVEN COME UP
ONCE IN THE LAST 20 YEARS.
OH, I DON'T KNOW
WHY I'M SURPRISED.
I WAS MADLY IN LOVE WITH HER
FOR FOUR YEARS...
MM.
AND I WAS BASICALLY
INVISIBLE UNTIL THE DAY
I CHOKED ON THAT
TATER TOT.
WAIT. UH, I-I THOUGHT
YOU WERE HER EX.
I WISH.
(Claire and Cooke laughing)
OH! SO, PHIL,
ARE YOU HERE ALL WEEKEND?
NO.
WELL, THAT'S TOO BAD.
I WAS GONNA
SUGGEST SOME ACTIVITIES.
THE PALMER CENTER
IS DOING
A WONDERFUL RETROSPECTIVE
OF IMPRESSIONISTS.
(Claire) MM.
OH. THAT IS A SHAME.
THAT'S A FIELD
I KNOW QUITE A BIT ABOUT.
AH. PHIL.
NO.
UH, YOU CAN SEE
THE INFLUENCE, CAN'T YOU,
OF THE, UH,
EARLY IMPRESSIONISTS?
THE, UH...
RICH LITTLES,
THE FRANK GORSHINS,
ON THE...
JIMMY FALLONS,
IF YOU WILL.
HE MEANT
THE PAINTER KIND.
YES.
MM.
FRESHEN YOUR DRINK?
NO.
NO, NOT DONE.
YOU'D KNOW IF I WAS
FINISHED WITH SOMETHING,
AND I'M NOT.
OH. HMM.
OH. JUST THE ONE THEN.
YEAH.
(indistinct conversations)
(clenched teeth)
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SORRY. DID I EMBARRASS YOU
IN FRONT OF YOUR EX-BOYFRIEND?
YEAH, I KNOW ABOUT THAT.
BECAUSE I TOLD YOU. COME ON.
YOU CAN'T SERIOUSLY BE JEALOUS.
WELL...
(whispers) PHIL,
IT WAS 20 YEARS AGO.
REIN IT IN.
COME ON.
YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME
A LITTLE.
FINE, BUT DO YOU
DENY THAT PART OF THE REASON
YOU WANTED TO COME BACK HERE
BY YOURSELF IS THAT GUY?
I'M NOT EVEN SURE
IT'S A BAD THING, CLAIRE.
WE ALL WONDER ABOUT
THE PATHS WE DIDN'T FOLLOW,
BUT YOU COULD ADMIT IT.
(inhales sharply)
WELL, YOU CAN'T BE MAD AT ME
IF I DO ADMIT IT.
I WON'T.
MM...
WELL, I'M NOT...
ADMITTING IT,
BECAUSE I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER
THAN I AM IN MY LIFE WITH YOU.
BUT, MM...
(inhales deeply)
I MEAN... MAYBE...
A TINY PART
OF ME JUST WANTED
TO SORT OF PEEK
THROUGH THE WINDOW
AND... SEE THE LIFE
THAT MIGHT'VE BEEN.
(door opens)
NEVER GET TIRED
OF THOSE THREE FLIGHTS.
MAGGIE!
SAY HI TO EVERYONE.
(loud clatter)
IN A SECOND, ANGEL.
(coins thud)
MAMA'S HAD A DAY.
AH.
OH, I THOUGHT
THAT WAS THE BEDROOM.
YOU'RE IN THE BEDROOM,
HONEY...
AND THE LIVING ROOM
AND THE STUDY
AND THE GYM.
BUT ANYWAY...LISTEN TO ME.
I'M BEING RUDE.
HOW IS EVERYBODY?
HOW'S THINGS?
NOT TOO BAD.
ACTUALLY--
NO, I'M LITERALLY ASKING YOU,
HOW IS IT TO HAVE THINGS?
(clears throat)
(dance music playing loudly)
OH.
YEP,
RIGHT ON SCHEDULE.
KEEP IT DOWN,
YA HOOD RATS!
MAGGIE,
YOU WERE ONCE A STUDENT.
I REMEMBER.
THAT'S WHEN I BOARDED THIS
LITTLE ROCKET SHIP TO THE MOON.
(clears throat)
OH.
WOW.
PHIL, WAIT.
THANK YOU.
FOR WHAT?
EVERYTHING.
I'M NOT SURE HOW THAT GUY
GOT TO BE A PROFESSOR.
HE'D HAVE TO BE PRETTY
STUPID TO DUMP YOU.
AW.
HEY,
THE PARTY'S STARTING,
AND THERE'S
A REALLY GOOD-LOOKING GUY
I WAS HOPING TO DO
A LITTLE DANCING WITH, SO...
YOU MEAN ME?
YES.
BEFORE WE GO, ARE THERE ANY
MORE EXES I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT?
HONEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK
I WAS LIKE?
HEY, CLAIRE PRITCHETT!
HEY, DEAN STOLLER!
SUPER-QUICK STORY.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S NOT TOO LATE
FOR PLAN "C"--
WE DROP THE BABY
AND RUN.
WHAT? NO.
YOU HAVE TO TELL
HER WHAT YOU DID.
YOU SCALPED HER BABY.
I HAD TO CUT
THAT WIG OFF.
WHAT DID YOU
EXPECT ME TO DO?
HE KEEPS
PULLING HIS HAT OFF.
OKAY, WELL,
YOU COULD'VE LET ME DO IT.
I HAVE 32 HOURS
OF VIDAL SASSOON TRAINING.
I LEFT THE PROGRAM OVER
CREATIVE DIFFERENCES.
SHUT UP.
HOLA!
(Cameron) HEY.
OH!
THERE'S MY LITTLE ANGEL.
MM.
HOW WAS HE?
UH... THERE--THERE'S
A FUNNY STORY HERE.
GLORIA!
UM--
FORGOT ABOUT
THAT BABY...
AND CHECK OUT
THIS ONE!
(laughing)
YOU BEAT CLOSETS, CLOSETS,
CLOSETS, CLOSETS, CLOSETS?!
WE DESTROYED THEM!
AND IT'S CLOSETS, CLOSETS,
CLOSETS, CLOSETS.
WHAT DID I SAY?
WE WENT THROUGH THIS
FOR A HALF-HOUR YESTERDAY.
I CAN'T DO IT AGAIN.
(sighs)
NOPE. YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TELL HER.
WHAT? WHY?
BECAUSE SHE HAS
TWO NEW RINGS.
THAT--THAT'S GONNA TAKE
THE MEAT RIGHT OFF THE BONE.
OKAY, CAM,
YOU TAKE THE FALL FOR ME,
AND I WILL GO WITH YOU
TO MISSOURI.
I'LL EVEN GO
FOR A WHOLE WEEK.
MAKE IT TEN DAYS.
OKAY, FINE.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO MEET
ANYTHING ON MONDAY
THAT I'M GONNA
EAT ON FRIDAY.
OH, WELL,
THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
OH!
MY PERFECT ANGEL!
YOU GOT THIS.
YOU'RE GOOD.
(Gloria gasps)
MWAH!
YOU KNOW, GLORIA,
DO YOU REMEMBER
THAT CHAFING DISH
I LENT YOU A COUPLE MONTHS BACK
THAT YOU RETURNED
WITH A CHIP IN IT?
EVERY TIME
THAT LUKE COMES OVER,
HE TAKES THINGS OUT OF THE ATTIC
AND LEAVES THEM JUST...
(clatter)
EVERYWHERE!
OH.
(chuckles) YEAH.
WELL, YOU KNOW, FUNNY THING
ABOUT THAT CHAFING DISH
IS IT WAS MY GRANDMOTHER'S,
AND IT WAS GIVEN TO HER--
(growls) LUKE!
(exhales)
OH, HEY, MANNY.
GLAD I RAN INTO YOU.
LISTEN, I'M GONNA
GIVE YOU THE SOLO.
REALLY? YOU MUST'VE HEARD
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME TODAY.
I FEEL CONFIDENT NOW
AND I KNOW I CAN DO--
YEAH, I DON'T CARE ABOUT
ANY OF THAT STUFF.
I JUST NEED YOU
TO TELL YOU MOM
THAT YOU GAVE YOUR BROTHER
JOE A HAIRCUT, OKAY?
NO PROBLEM.
HOW BAD COULD IT BE?
AAH!
ANYWAY, I HEARD YOU NEED
A LETTER FROM SCHOOL SIGNED.
I KINDA NAILED MY DECLARATION
OF INDEPENDENCE REPLICA.
FORGED EVERY SIGNATURE
WITH THIS PEN.
STOP.
WE HAVE A DEAL.
I'LL SAY
I CUT THE BABY'S HAIR.
AND YOU GIVE ME
THAT COOL PEN.
WHAT? NO.
NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT
I WAS GOING TO--
A DEAL'S A DEAL.
(Gloria) A THIEF, LILY.
THAT'S WHO ATE
MY LAST PIECE OF CAKE
THAT MY MOTHER SEND ME
SPECIALLY FROM COLOMBIA.
IT HELPS YOU MAKE
THE MILK.
SUCH A COOL TROPHY.
SAY, HOW'D THAT NEW GUY
RUDY SORRENSON DO?
HE WAS GREAT.
IT'S FUNNY
HOW HE HAS THE SAME NAME
AS ONE-TIME PRO BOWLER
RUDOLPH SORRENSON,
WHICH WOULD BE
AGAINST LEAGUE RULES.
(chuckles)
WELL, I'D FIND IT FUNNY.
JAY, HURRY UP.
YOU HAVE TO TAKE
THE KIDS TO THE MOVIE.
AND WHY DOES THE BABY
STILL HAVE THAT HAT ON?
HE'S GOING TO BURN UP.
GLORIA, I HAVE
A CONFESSION TO MAKE.
I GAVE JOE A HAIRCUT.
IT'S BAD.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
MY DAD USED TO CUT MY HAIR
WHEN I WAS A KID,
AND I THOUGHT IT'D BE A NICE WAY
FOR THE BABY AND ME TO BOND.
BUT I JUST MADE
A MESS OF THINGS...
LIKE I... MAKE
A MESS OF EVERYTHING.
LET ME TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
(Jay) OH!
(Gloria) AY, DIOS MIO!
DAD, WHY WOULD YOU DO
THAT TO YOUR OWN SON?
IT'S REALLY BAD.
HE'S JUST A BABY.
PLUS YOU ATE THAT CAKE.
OKAY, ENOUGH.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
HE COULD HAVE INVENTED
SOME CRAZY STORY,
BUT INSTEAD HE DECIDED
TO TELL THE TRUTH.
THAT'S WHAT FAMILIES DO.
(Cameron) YES, IT IS.
(Gloria)
OKAY, GO. GO, GO, GO.
OKAY. UH, LILY, SWEETIE,
WE'RE LEAVING! COME ON!
I KNOW THAT THEY EXPECTED ME
TO GO ALL COLOMBIAN CRAZY.
BUT THIS WAS JUST ANOTHER
OPPORTUNITY FOR ME TO SHOW THEM
THAT I WAS NOT THE SUPERFICIAL
GLORIA THAT I USED TO BE.
PLUS I WAS VERY RELAXED
AFTER THE DAY I HAD.
AAH!
(Jay) Where are you?
AT THE DOCTOR.
HE'S CHECKING MY ANKLE.
WHAT? DID YOU THINK I WAS GONNA
THROW AWAY A WHOLE SPA DAY?
(sighs)
I'M COMING,
FULGENCIO!
(sighs)
WHY AM I DOING THIS AGAIN?
DAD'LL GET
A KICK OUT OF IT.
LIKE WHEN WE WERE YOUNG
AND USED TO WEAR HIS SHOES.
NOW GET UP
AND TAKE A FEW STEPS.
(sighs)
DID DAD ASK FOR THIS?
NO,
BUT HE'LL LOVE IT.
MAYBE DANCE AROUND.
OKAY, NOW JUMP.
WHAT KIND OF VIDEO IS THIS?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE GOTTA GO TO WORK.
I'M SORRY.
(shoes thud)
OKAY, THANKS!
WHAT THE HELL?
(exhales)
(thud)
FINALLY!